improve visualisation in case no results are returned in splunk show enrichment scripts (#15614)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/ReleaseNotes/2_2_2.md

#### Scripts
##### SplunkShowIdentity

> - Update returned value in case of an error
> ##### SplunkShowAsset
> - Update returned value in case of an error
> ##### SplunkShowDrilldown
> - Update returned value in case of an error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the readable output returned in case of an error.
##### SplunkShowAsset
- Improved the readable output returned in case of an error.
##### SplunkShowDrilldown
- Improved the readable output returned in case of an error.
```
